Given you are the owner of a grocery store, create a basic Rails application that satisfies the following user stories:

1. As the owner, I need to maintain a list of grocery categories (CRUD Operations). 
Name – Must not have spaces and should be less than 35 characters; Value is required and unique
Description – Value is required	
(Example: Diary, Vegetables, Bakery, Pharmacy, Meat, Chips, Cookies, Spices, Gifts and etc)

2. As the owner, I should be able to add my inventory and categorize it. A grocery product can belong to only one category.
Name – Value is required and unique; Should be less than 20 characters;
Description – Value is required
Price – Value is required and can have upto two decimals. ($20.99, $19.99)
 (Example:  
Milk, Yogurt – Diary
Cilantro, Carrot, Potatoes – Vegetables)
	       
3.  If I go to categories list I should be able to see the total list of products added to that category.
Example: 

CATEGORY	COUNT
Books	1
Magazines	3
Notebooks	1
Paper pads	1
Pens	3
Pencils	2
Highlighter	2 colors
Scissors	1 pair


4. Also I should have page to look at all my inventory in one page
CATEGORY	PRODUCTS
Dairy	Milk
Yogurt
Vegetables	Carrot
Cilantro
Potatoes
Basil
Meat	Chicken
Shrimp
Crab
Fish


5. Track all cashiers who works for you in your grocery store.
Name – Required
Username – Required and unique
Start Date - Required
End Date – Default null which means the cashier is still working. If end date is given then the cashier no longer works in the store.
DOB – Required
Age – Show age in the Cashiers page.
Email – Required 
Phone – Required
Salary_per_hour – Required

6. You grocery store will be open every day for 10 hours. So you have a total of 70 hours. You will need a page to schedule this 70 hours across your cashiers.

The page should list all your active cashiers and then you should select number of hours each employee should work in a week and then save it.

7. Based on how many hours a cashier works in a week and his salary per hour information; calculate how much a cashier should get paid every two weeks.


